what happened with this house on
December nineteenth we received an
emergency call from fire to dispatch
saying that they had someone inside that
was very Hill had to be taken to the
hospital we responded Health Department
personnel responded that that night and
when we got inside the house we saw the
conditions we immediately the killin
declared the home unlivable
uninhabitable with 44 human being and we
started the procedures to bring it down
but first to block it off to make sure
nobody could access it and we are now at
the stage that we the resident that was
in the home now lives with her sister
she is I've been told healthy living in
that environment and this house is going
to be coming down within the next few
days because of the conditions one of
the issues that we have special mental
house is coming down is not only the
conditions inside the house or maybe if
it's a house that's coming down because
it's been vacant for so long regardless
sometimes it depending on how long were
residents have been inside the home
they've collected things that long have
been banned here we have a container of
DDT used to be sold just two on the
basic market than anybody wanted to
control any pest around and in their
home and this of course have been banned
because of what it causes some problems
that causes the environment we found at
least one container this also some
chlordane and many other products that
have been in the house for quite some
time when a house comes down like this a
lot of times most of the time this this
type of stuff isn't removed so it then
goes down with the house one of the
goals that we had today is that we
wanted to look at the inside and do some
basic training with using or hazardous
materials guilt gear but as soon as we
found this we realize that we have a
little bit different situation a really
good training scenario than where we can
now pull this equipment this these items
out these hazardous chemicals and then
dispose of them properly thankfully with
the solid waste management district in
August when we have the drop-off site
when they bring it up here at the timken
will be able to take all of this stuff
to them as
have in the past so we're going to try
to rid this house of as many hazardous
chemicals as you can and mercury
containing materials and lead containing
materials whatever we can get our hands
on we're gonna bring it out here
properly dispose of it and you know be a
little bit more green with the
environment and make sure this doesn't
go down with the house